So in the last lecture we started a slider shortcode. So let's carry on now. Let's create another shortcode that
will display one single slide.
So let's call add_shortcode() and then this one will be "_themename_slide".
And let's create function with the same name.
And it will also receive these arguments.
And let's copy this and we have two attributes for the slide.
We have the "image" and this will be, let's default it to null, this will be an ID of an image in your
WordPress media. And a "caption". And default it to
an empty string. First let's give a class to our slider because we will have to use JavaScript to initialize
the slider.
So let's call it "_themename-slider". And let's start outputting these in the slides. So we will have a variable
called $o and each slide will be a DIV.
And let's give it a class "_thename-slide". And let's close dis DIV.
And then inside of here we'll have to output the image and the caption.
Right?
So let's first do a check that we have an image.
And if so we will concatenate this image to our $o variable.
So we have an image ID and to get an image from an image ID we use a function called wp_get_attachment_image().
And this will take the ID for the image and it'll take a size.
Let's say "large".
And let's do the same for the caption. "if ($caption)" we need to output a DIV and maybe add a class for styling.
So  "themename-slide-caption". And we'll output the caption and also escape it.
So let's go back now to our page. And there's you can see we still have the opening DIV without any content
inside of it.
And that's because we actually, we have the content inside our shortcode which will be passed here but we're
not using it anywhere here.
So let's inside these two DIVs
do a quick check. So we'll check is not null for the content.
So if we have slides inside our shortcode, we will display our slides. And how to do that is by calling
do_shortcode(),
as we learned in the first lecture.
So "do_shortcode()" and then the content, right? So this will find all the "_themename_slide" and will run
this function and will put the HTML for each slide.
So let's see here.
And we forgot to return our content here.
Sorry.
As you can see we have our images. And this image we have a caption. But also as you can see we have some
empty P tags here.
So let's ignore this for now and we'll deal with it probably in the next lecture or something.
But now that last step we need to do is to initialize the Slick Slider for this DIV.
So let's do that.
Let's create a new file in our slider folder.
And let's call it slider.js. And let's go to bundle.js and import this file. So "import" and we go up and up and
up and then "includes/shortcodes/slider/
slider.js".
And inside of slider.js let's "import $ from 'jquery'". And on "$(document).ready()"
let's get the "_themename-slider" and initialize Slick Slideron it, right?
So let's take a look now.
And also we've actually forgot to import Slick Slider. We have to do that also in the bundle. And to import Slick Slider
we'll have to go to the node_modules folder
and then "slick-carousel".
So let's actually go to inside our plugin. Let's go to node_modules and see where the Slick Slider file
is located.
So here we have the folder and then slick  and then slick.min.js. So.
And let's save this. And let's refresh. And now our plugin is initialized but we still have to load
CSS for Slick Slider also.
So this will be located in the in the node_modules as well.
So let's go to bundle.scss
and let's import.
Right? So let's refresh now.
And we still have our plugin initialized.
But since we have some extra P tags as we saw, we have some extra empty slides.
So let's see in the next lecture why these empty P tags appear and how to solve this problem.
But before that let's do a quick test for our options.
So we have the "autoplay". So let's set it to "true" and also the "arrows".
Let's set it to "true".
As you can see it's auto playing and we also have the arrows, next button and a previous button.
So let's see the next lecture the P tags problem.